Oh
everybody welcome back to my youtube
channel today we're going to do another
different routine today we're going to
do just contouring and highlighting I've
got applied my foundation and concealer
already and they set up with the loose
powder so now we're going to go right
away to give back to this volume to my
face I applies to foundation right I'm
climate control foundation it looks
amazing really really beautiful flawless
finished as a concealer I applied a
lease on Rafael true concealer which has
quite really medium coverage concealer
and now i'm going to apply a sub bronzer
and as a highlight and applied to
produce also won by via under the one by
Alison Raphael also the rear is going to
be the bronzer I've got a really
beautiful bronzer with two different
types of color one is mad another one
have a kind of similar that we will go
through it and I say I'm highlight i
also got on these alleys son Rafael um
it can descend luminous highlighting and
it's a creamy highlight a bit very
beautiful type of fiji highlights so
let's start so it is up to you what you
want to start with concealer Oh
highlight and depends how you want to do
it I'm going to start with the
highlighting because it's a cream
highlight before I power in my face all
over kind of thing with them creme and
controlling so um the thing is we gonna
highlight the areas that we have flooded
with the foundation and concealer so
what we need to do is find out where
they are es to highlight is very very
simple you can put a light on top of
your forehead and he there they lied to
your face like it will be the Sun but at
the same time um and and you will see
the areas there are heating the light
more though sorry they highlight areas
but also you can just follow the bumps
areas of their face they are
and said so like the cheekbones the
nullity on top of the eyebrows the chin
on top of the mouth those are the areas
they will highlight more when they hit
the Sun so those are the areas that
we're going to highlight we're going to
highlight softly and really nicely to
give a really natural finish so you can
see I made it really really obviously so
you will be able to see exactly where
the areas that we need to highlight oh
they are soo both supposed to highlight
you can apply less proud and keep the
built-in the highlighting step a step
but I wanted to do like that so you will
see and exactly find out where they are
is to highlight
so as you can see I finish the lending
topping with my finger to get more
natural finish so you got a few extra
areas that you can highlight for a
specific effect for example um the arm d
sorry on top of the lid to create more
volume into your into your lips you can
highlight also these nostril areas here
to softer than the lines that you did
have there also you can highlight they
are to the brow to create more natural
um lifting in your eyebrows that will
look really really nice as you can see
it's really easy to highlight just to
highlight the areas that you want to
show more and now we're going to do the
opposite thing will be contouring we
will be used um dark powder normally
it's good to use to two towns um darker
than your skin tone and if you want to
do an actual controlling use the mat
product to you won't do to audience
shimmery in the contouring areas so
we're going to do now is give their
shadows back to the face at some time
that you would even shadows back to the
face we can do some kind of nice trick
to make your face look like you like to
look like for example I like to control
on the back of my cheeks but I like to
make a little bit further in so my face
it will look more thinner in this area
which is nice also we can control
control the jawline to make our face
more thin and pointed in this area
that's really good too for a really
Square and round and face so we'll make
some nice move and son
shape and right in here we can also
contoured the shapes and the temple area
also for the same matter to make your
face look thinner nicer and also we can
use it for controlling son areas like
they know sorry to make your nose look
and smaller but you can control a little
bit the top of your nose to make you
lose you nose look smaller and D sorry I
know that long but normally those are
more specific controls that we're not
going to do much we're gonna do more
like giving shadows back to your face
and maybe making a little bit nicer
nicer shape to your face so the trick is
to apply really softly from the headline
into your face so the amount of brother
a bigger amount of product will be in
the headline and then it will fade away
on the way until your face will look
much natural much natural
now this is will and that's it this is
the control the trick to control your
chicks as to find out where is the end
of your cheekbones and there's where you
want to contour and you can go from the
upper and part of your ear into the
corner of your mouth that will be the
angle that you have so this is head this
is a final look as you can see we bring
back the volume to our face with a
contouring highlighting I know that in
my cup I'm makeup is not John and it
look a little plain but we wanted to
give back this volume and that's what we
did so I hope it's been useful and see
you next time bye